# I have been experimenting with alternatives to social media
## August 4th, 2025
I've become disenchanted with social media over the last few months and have been experimenting with alternatives to Instagram, Twitter, et cetera. So far, the best I've found is Substack: it's relatively free of slop, there's no ads, and there's more flexibility in the way your content is presented. That said, I'm still not entirely sure what Substack currently does with all of the data its users upload to the site daily, and I worry that in the not-too-distant future, Substack will be forced to monetize their platform in some way, as every platform inevitably does (see: [enshittification](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enshittification)).

Earlier this year, shortly after I registered IsChadOnTour.com and put up a quick-and-dirty [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/) app to display a simple "yes" or "no" message based on my Google Calendar, my friend/former Ugly Joy bandmate/occasional contract bridge partner Ian suggested I add something to this site relevant to my travels to make people want to check it more. I finally got around to it: now, this website will also serve as my blog.

This website is nothing more than a lightweight Javascript wrapper around a set of static [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) pages, plus whatever minimal functionality is required to check my Google Calendar for any present-day events that have the word "tour" in them. In this way, I am completely free to post whatever I want. Maybe it'll be an album of images. Maybe it'll be a video. Maybe it'll be short-form, maybe it'll be long-form. Like Eddie Morra, I have become limitless.

The present challenge, that I will figure out how to overcome when I leave for tour tomorrow, will be the most efficient way to write and upload blog posts to the server this website runs on. Right now I'm doing everything via FTP transfers, maybe something else will work better.

If you have any thoughts/tips/tricks/suggestions, feel free to send me an email:

`chad.miller.3333 [at] gmail.com`

Cheers,

\- Chad
